ten people were rescued safe and sound from the waters of the sea
thanks to the intervention of the lifeguards of the function
even a helicopter participated in the rescue of these people who
shipwrecked on the high seas
this as part of a rescue drill
in the framework of the traditional test of the passage of man
aquatic marathon that this year was named Carlos Lopez Mendoza
they are dedicated
there families
is present
to mothers appointment that is in heaven
and why not say it to share it with all of you
patricia murguía after the warm-up before starting the tour
Carlos Lopez Mendoza gave the banderillazo output of the first group
in the market
will remain
remember from that program 231
the color red or theft
yellow or blue
also who will be the actor
Acosta presence
day of the Honduran red cross twenty one kilometers understands that this
travel between the beach of freedom
to the majahual
these young people who are winning
they will be able to serve as lifeguards
Easter holidays that come
the test is hard many fail to complete it and are rescued from the water
in this edition there was international participation
Peter the number 47
the editing of this step of man is very pleased this time there has been
Most
has sold the participation of Honduras
josé de costa rica
together with the group but the combi in the naval ropes
has 15 member this a requirement that everyone
that person that fourth life here I am qualified and after this test he
has the right to be able to provide service during the year
also the naval forces part different
contrasting the security inter naval vessels
a centipede maritime patrol boat that is serving as a pivot for
on the way they do nothing
l that leave from the beach to the city the first semifinal
after a great effort and with difficulties on the way
some swimmers come in half
ana words before the strong of the couples but there were no cheaper in
this aspect
quite this park
try it later
the resistance
between the merchandise
that the currents some current they write down
very in favor
that's why more than one
in front of whom more time for that this strong boat the test because the
correct was against but now it has been delayed to leave
to participate these lifeguards had a year of intense preparation
it's a whole test of endurance
the passage of man is the final exam for all in terms of lives will be
ready to provide their services in the next holiday season
in the plaza de majagual department of liberty eduardo mejía lópez
telenoticias 21